- Can I touch it?
[mellow music]
[car horns honking]
Hi, I'm Lisa and this is my
final fitting for the Met Gala.
[Lisa giggles]
[Lisa gasps]
[chuckles] Oh, my God.
Hello, by the way.
[both laughing]
Meeting him for the first
time, he's like warm-hearted.
I feel like I know him such a long time.
- The first time she wore my pieces
was maybe a good five, six years ago.
After all these years,
we've been dressing her.
This feels very full circle,
and yeah, she's incredible.
- What's the first thing
that popped into my head
when I first saw the look?
It's incredible.
It's art.
But it's my hands, my arms. [laughs]
- The theme for Met this year
is around this big picture of art.
And I think so many people are going
to do what their
rendition of the theme is,
but Robert is like the epitome of art,
and construction, and the female body.
I knew he was the guy
that we should go with.
- [Robert] Get it on the shoulder.
There you go.
You can feel...
How does it feel? [chuckles]
- [Lisa] Okay.
Okay.
- Yeah, okay, okay.
- Okay.
[Robert laughs]
- All right.
[Lisa laughs]
- Is it heavy?
So we had a 3D scan done of Lisa's body.
And the really special thing,
how Robert manipulated the arms,
it feels very poetic
to her Thai background
and the Thai dance moves that they will do
and just this like
beautiful poetry of fashion
and choreography that is just so Lisa.
That makes it even more special.
'Cause sometimes these girls
will just put on a piece of art
to put on a piece of art, right?
But this, at the core, feels like her.
Her love for where she's
from, Thailand, is just like,
it makes it so perfect.
- I am nervous for tomorrow
because my extra arms is
really heavy. [laughs]
He said it's 1.8 kilo,
but I don't think so.
I think it's heavier than that.
But I have to fight through it
'cause the concept is Costume Art,
so it's really nice to have
me as an art on the carpet.
Yeah, I'm just so excited to see everyone
'cause it's my second Met.
- For me, I'm a maximalist.
I really love a lot of things
to just make it feel like
a treasure box kind of.
But on Lisa, we've kept it
a little bit more delicate.
There's obviously the
big sapphire necklace
that we both love,
but on the arms, that's
where the more is more is.
I think her we're keeping
a little bit more subtle
because it's about the
look and her beauty,
but with the secondary part of arms,
it's like stack the shit
out of this Bulgari.
And it just makes it feel
even more special and iconic.
- It's already heavy,
so you know-
- I'm like,
are you gaslighting me now?
- Adding a little more
is fine.
[Brett laughs]
- [Attendant] What's another 30 carats?
Just-
- Yeah.
- I have this amazing glassblower.
I wanted to do a bag that looked like ice.
I grew up in Missouri in
like a really small town,
so when winters came,
the ice would just drip down
our house and it's so cool.
It's stuff like this that
just are like little cherries
on top of already perfect couture.
[mellow music]
- The most exciting for tomorrow?
Uh, [laughs]
I don't know, it's just the red carpet.
I really want to make it work.
I'm scared to you know?
[chuckles] Yeah, I don't
wanna trip tomorrow, so.
- Let's grab both sides,
the underskirt.
- And then you take
a few step back, right?
- Do you want me
to try to walk?
- So yeah, let's go, let's go.
- Yeah, just give it a
walk and see how she feels.
- [Lisa] Oh, my god.
I'm doing a practice right now?
- Okay, let's put the veil-
- Yeah.
- [Brett] Back on.
- Working out.
[Brett laughs]
It's heavy, guys.
- Yeah.
- With help-
- [Lisa] Maybe I need a different shoes.
- [Brett] Which if this is the case,
we might need to look
at shortening it a bit
'cause they are shortening.
- No, I feel like the heels
is not gonna help me balance it.
- [Brett] These?
- No, the thin.
I need the thicker.
- [Brett] Maybe if you're
feeling good with the top part,
let's take the arms off.
- Yes.
- And let's take them down.
[Robert laughs]
- Take them, please.
- We'll try these just to see,
and then we'll work on
thickening out a heel.
- Mm-hmm.
- And we'll grab other options
so it's not just focused here.
- Mm-hmm.
- The dress is amazing,
but there's little perfecting
things that we need to do.
But we have a few hours, basically,
to figure it out before tomorrow.
I think the only other thing
is I do wanna add a layer
of this white mesh
to the skirt as well.
- Yes, exactly.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- [Brett] Or do some beading around here
to hide the seam a little.
We're gonna take this off here.
- [Robert] Yup.
- We're gonna add a little bit
into the arms and the elbows
and try to take the arms up a little bit.
- [Robert] We should do that.
I would do about like a centimeter.
- Yeah.
- That's fine, just-
- [Robert] That will be fine.
- I am maybe a little
nervous about something.
It's for a stylist and a creative,
to not be able to be with
your artist on a carpet
is always so hard because I force myself
on every other carpet to
make sure things are good.
But Met, you can't do that.
I've tried and I've gotten yelled at.
So this year, I am putting a lot of hope
into our very handsome male handlers.
I have a video for them to
show how to take the arms off.
The veil, I've sent a voice
note really talking them through
how to beautifully take the veil off,
avoiding her face, avoiding the hair,
to really try to make it look
like it's almost this choreographed piece.
- That's always gonna be
something I have to do.
Until the second that
they're on the carpet
and I no longer can reach them,
there's always something you can do.
Even a word of encouragement, you know?
Sometimes you hold an artist and say like,
"You look incredible.
We got this."
That will be always the last thing I do
just to make sure that we're
enjoying this moment together.
[mellow music]
- Okay, "Vogue," wish me luck.
Bye. See ya.
Thank you, thank you.
- Making art.
- Thank you, thank you.
- No, thank you, baby.
- Oh.
- Yeah, thank you.
- They see us, right,
together, right?
- All right, shall we-
- So we're gonna see
that piece.
- We're having her.